more than 15 metres long and weighing
about 45 tons this is the most powerful
marine reptile ever discovered
[Music]
twice as big as most Jurassic ocean
predators this is predator X an animal
that must go down in history as one of
the oceans most deadly hunters
[Music]
and its prey like Camarasaurus that are
in its sights
[Music]
skull analysis of giant killers like
Predator X suggests that they hunted
their prey by smell channeling water
through special internal nostrils
allowing them to silently hone in on
their target
[Music]
by analyzing their Anatomy we've
calculated the predator X can move up to
5 m/s fractionally faster than the
camera soros
[Music]
the camera soars only defense is to head
for the refuge of shallow water
[Music]
this time predator X's size works
against him unable to hunt efficiently
in shallow water means that the
Camarasaurus can use this as a refuge